# MCGPT - Minecraft ChatGPT Integration

This is a project that integrates ChatGPT with a Minecraft server chat using BDSX and an Express API to manage ChatGPT responses.

## Main Features

- **ChatGPT Integration:** Players can interact with the server through chat, and the server responds with messages generated by ChatGPT based on player interactions.

- **Chat Switching:** Players can switch between the different chats available on the server using the command `/chat <id>`. Each chat can have specific settings and responses generated by ChatGPT.

## Project Structure

- `bdsx/`: Folder containing the Minecraft server code modified with BDSX to integrate ChatGPT into the game chat.
  
- `backend/`: Folder containing the Express API code that manages ChatGPT responses and player interactions in different chats.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js installed on the local machine or server.
- OpenAI API account to access the ChatGPT service.

## Installation and Use

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

git clone https://github.com/SrDouglax/MCGPT.git

2. Install the dependencies for each part of the project:

- For the BDSX part (Minecraft server):
   ```
   cd bdsx
   npm install
   ```

- For the AI backend part (API Express):
   ```
   backend cd
   npm install
   ```

3. Configure the environment variables:

- Create a `.env` file in the `backend/` folder and add your OpenAI API credentials:

   ```
   OPENAI_API_KEY=YourAPIKeyhere
   ```

4. Execute each part of the project:

- To start the BDSX modded Minecraft server:
   ```
   cd bdsx
   ./bdsx.bash
   ```

- To launch the AI backend (API Express):
   ```
   backend cd
   pnpm start
   ```

5. In the game, players can use the `/chat <id>` command to switch between available chats and interact with the server.

## Contributions

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to send pull requests with improvements, bug fixes or new features.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Authors

- [SrDouglax](https://github.com/SrDouglax)